Hello everyone
It's been a long time
Yes today
Aqua's
Recall of
Notification has decided
I do not write the recall
But I think it's a recall
This time in patronage below
The content of the bracketed service campaign
Repair the
We will inform you in a hurry that we will make a trio
It's in a tough world, what do you say?
There is a seal and unlock button at the 1st gear shift
Originally , changing the shift should be done while stepping on the brakes
I'm not luxurious
this
While doing
While pressing the release button
Can move from the parking
Because
Start moving fish Then the car
Because there is a possibility that shift lock unlock button
A little
can you see it
It is say please let me put a cover over the shift lock times button
Please
That it's immediately crane thing
Someone who told me
It is this = Tteyuu
Well I do not want you to take up a big deal
I'm not too much noise though
Well this kind of English studies came to say that it doesn't matter during driving at all without such a misconception
Neto please a little to 2 on top of the shift lock release button
I mean
It is also possible that Toyota is serious
It Is Good luck
Well I think that I want to put out for repair in such a thing
Well then